apparently there's a group over here
that's really angry they saw me they
know I'm American and they see my camera
crew we're being told through our
interpreter that when Americans come
here they only shoot the bad things
which obviously is not what we want to
do can you maybe you could tell them the
reason I've come to Haiti
so I'm fed up in LA ninety it's because
I and a lot of Americans are angry about
what President Trump said members of a
computer can be faster to support idea
so I wanted to come here and show
positive great beautiful things about
Haiti full dibbens in lapa will do give
you about a positive quality but I
understand why just seeing an American
right now with a can I actually wrote a
speech in trying to write a speech in
Creole but I can't say it very well
about my intentions here
Bonjour et merci puh
ELISA when continent peel Franken's rain
toot Mon and a paisa okay good
map is the unfuck Quechua make it
doesn't need paw course when you're not
president map toot great is Annette
you're to gossip really decide he
doesn't listen to me but I will try and
tell her I'm a savage massage me the
bubbly vision guys I know a way that we
can get Trump to watch this message
right now okay so he gon occasional
about fan for a good one we gotta fill
out okay so take care of that right now
so that we know Trump watches and bang
there you go Hume mu possible at the new
Marilla please be sure to tune in for
Conan in Haiti special we're really
proud of it and we think well we're just
the people of Haiti are really beautiful
and fantastic and I think you should
check it out it's airing this Saturday
January 27th at 10 o'clock p.m.
[Applause]
you